Update README.md to add SuperTokens - open core self hosted auth provider (#516)
awesome-foss/awesome-sysadmin: README.md

- [Authelia](https://www.authelia.com/) - The Single Sign-On Multi-Factor portal for web apps. ([Source Code](https://github.com/authelia/authelia)) `Apache-2.0` `Go`
- [Authentik](https://goauthentik.io/) - Flexible identity provider with support for different protocols. (OAuth 2.0, SAML, LDAP and Radius). ([Source Code](https://github.com/goauthentik/authentik)) `MIT` `Python`
- [KeyCloak](https://www.keycloak.org) - Open Source Identity and Access Management. ([Source Code](https://github.com/keycloak/keycloak)) `Apache-2.0` `Java`

> - [SuperTokens](https://supertokens.com) - Open Core Identity, Access and Session Management. ([Source Code](https://github.com/supertokens/supertokens-core)) `Apache-2.0` `Java`, `NodeJS`, `Python`, `Golang`

Reviewer: > Sentence case

> https://github.com/supertokens/supertokens-core#features---click-here-to-see-the-demo-app

> ✅ If you require any modifications to the auth APIs, those would need to be done on the backend SDK level (for example Node, Golang, Python..). So you’d rarely need to directly modify/work with the Java code in this repo.

```suggestion
- [SuperTokens](https://supertokens.com) - Add secure login and session management to your apps. ([Demo](https://thirdpartyemailpassword.demo.supertokens.com/auth/?redirectToPath=), [Source Code](https://github.com/supertokens/supertokens-core)) `Apache-2.0` `Java`
```
